add install note for community npm package for cli (close #2720) (#3095)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/hasura-cli/install-hasura-cli.rst

         Download the binary ``cli-hasura-windows-amd64.exe`` available under ``Assets`` of the latest release
         from the GitHub release page: https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/releases

         Rename the downloaded file to ``hasura``. 
         You can add the path to the environment variable ``PATH`` for making ``hasura`` accessible globally.

Install through npm
-------------------

Hasura CLI is available as an npm package as well. 

> The package is maintained by community and not officially supported by Hasura. 

Reviewer: by *the* community

> However, it's generally a good idea to use the package if you want a version-fixed cli dedicated to your node project. 

Reviewer: Can we say "it can be beneficial" instead of "it's generally a good idea"?

> You can find usage detail from the original repository https://github.com/jjangga0214/hasura-cli.

Reviewer: Can we put the link into the word `original repository`?

> You can find usage detail from the `original repository <https://github.com/jjangga0214/hasura-cli>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find usage details in the `original repository <https://github.com/jjangga0214/hasura-cli>`_.
```
